WELCOME

Welcome to Median.co
App Architecture
Security & Privacy

Reporting App Abuse and Content Violations
App Licenses
App Updates & Migration Guide
App Studio
Support
GETTING STARTED

Quickstart Guide
BRANDING

Branding Overview
App Icon
Splash Screen
Theme Colors
Status Bar
INTERFACE

App Interface Overview
Device Screen Control

Screen Brightness
Keep Screen On
Full Screen
Screen Orientation
Dark Mode
Native Gestures and Interactions
Font Scaling
Webview Zoom
Maximum Windows
Offline Page

Service Workers
Native Datastore Offline
iOS Split View Support
Localization
Liquid Glass (iOS)
LINK HANDLING

Link Handling Overview
Link Behavior
Deep Linking

Deep Linking Validator
PERMISSIONS

Permissions Overview

Permission Prompt Localization
Apple App Tracking Transparency
Camera and File Uploads
Downloads Directory
Location Services
WebRTC Audio & Video
WEB OVERRIDES

Web Overrides Overview
Custom User Agent
Custom Headers
Custom CSS
Custom JavaScript
Cookie Persistence
NATIVE NAVIGATION

Native Navigation Overview
Top Navigation Bar

Dynamic Titles
Auto New Windows
Search Form
Refresh Button
Share Button
Custom Buttons
Top Nav Bar Demo App
Sidebar Navigation

Sidebar Visual Editor
Dynamic Menu Items
Sidebar Demo App
Bottom Tab Bar

Selecting Tabs
Bottom Tab Bar Visual Editor
Dynamic Tab Menu
Localized Tab Menu
Bottom Tab Demo App
Custom Icons
iOS Contextual Navigation Toolbar
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS

Push Notifications Overview

Push SDK Migration Guide
OneSignal

Managing Permissions and Consent
Identifying & Targeting Users
Sending Push Notifications

Programmatic Notifications
Foreground Notifications
Customize Push Notifications
Handling Notifications Taps
In-App Messages
Legacy Mode
Braze
Bloomreach
Cordial
Intercom
Iterable
Klaviyo
Customer.io
Microsoft Dynamics
MoEngage
Optimizely
Salesforce Marketing Cloud
Sendbird
MEDIAN JAVASCRIPT BRIDGE

JavaScript Bridge Overview
Detecting App Usage
NPM Package

Basic Usage
Using Listeners
SPA Navigation
Device Info
Clipboard
Prompt Share Dialogue
App Resumed Callback
Keyboard State Tracking
Download File
Clear Webview Cache
Accessing callbacks in an iframe
Control your Median app with Google Tag Manager
NATIVE PLUGINS

Native Plugins Overview
Analytics

Adjust
AppsFlyer
Branch.io
Google Firebase Analytics
Google Firebase Crashlytics
Meta App Events
Authentication

Clerk
Auth0
Face ID & Touch ID Android Biometric

Apple Face ID & Touch ID
Android Biometric
Passkey Authentication (WebAuthn)
Social Login

Facebook Login Configuration
Google Sign-in Configuration
Sign In with Apple Configuration
Website Configuration
Server-side Redirects
JavaScript Callbacks
Enterprise

Enterprise Security
Jailbreak/Root Detection
Microsoft Intune
Integrations

AdMob Native Ads
Bubble Plugin
Card.io
Master Lock
RevenueCat
Social Share

Instagram
Snapchat
Media

Background Audio
JW Player
Kaltura Media Player
Native Media Player
Twilio Video
Web Screenshot
Zoom
Native Functionality

AgeSafety
App Review
Background Location
Calendar
Haptics
Health Bridge
In-App Purchases

Apple In-App Purchases
Google In-App Purchases
Google In-App Purchases (Legacy)
Native Contacts
Native Datastore
Offline Download Manager
Reader Modal
Secure Modal
Share into app
Scanning

Document Scanner
iBeacon
NFC Tag Scanner
QR / Barcode Scanner
Scandit QR / Barcode
WEBSITE BUILDERS

Convert AI-Built Apps to Mobile with Median.co
Base44

Getting Started with Base44
Add Push Notifications to a Base44 App
Adding Haptic Feedback to Your Base44 App
Lovable

Getting Started with Lovable
Add Push Notifications To Your Lovable App
Add Haptic Feedback To Your Lovable App
Prepare your Lovable app for publishing
Replit

Getting Started With Replit
Add Push Notifications To Your Replit App
Add Haptic Feedback To Your Replit App
Salesforce Experience Cloud

Getting Started with Salesforce Experience Cloud
Lightning Web Components and the Median JavaScript Bridge
Deep Linking for Salesforce Experience Cloud
Salesforce LWC Component Deployment and Reference
App Monetization
App Marketing & Growth
BUILD & TEST

Build & Test Overview
Median App Studio
Debug Tools

iOS Debugging
Android Debugging
iOS Build & Deployment

Building an iOS Binary (IPA)

Connecting Median with App Store Connect
Register Testing Devices
Configure Signing for Your App
Building an iOS Binary with App Groups Entitlement
Install iOS IPA
Build iOS from Source
Common Xcode Issues
Upload iOS to TestFlight
Upload iOS to Apple App Store
Android Build & Deployment

Install Android APK
Build Android from Source
Connect Android Studio Simulators to Localhost Websites
Android App Bundle (AAB)
Upload Android to Google Play
App Configuration & Management

App Identifiers
App Configuration
Google Services
Google Developer Verification
Backup Management
Multiple App Instances
CI/CD Integration
PUBLISHING

Publishing Overview
Publishing Guide
Publishing Service - Process
Apple App Store
Google Play Store
Publishing FAQ
RELEASE NOTES

Median.co Release Notes
App Studio Release Notes

App Studio Release Notes - Archive
iOS Release Notes

iOS Release Notes - Archive
Android Release Notes

Android Release Notes - Archive
Powered by 

Getting Started With Replit
This guide walks you through building a mobile-first todo list application in Replit from scratch, then converting it to a native mobile app with Median.
We'll build the complete app using Replit, then add native mobile features like push notifications and haptic feedback. We provide example prompts at every step so you can follow along or adapt them for your own projects.

What we'll build:

A responsive to-do list web app using Replit
Push notifications when tasks are assigned or due
Haptic feedback when completing or deleting tasks
A native iOS and Android app powered by Median.co
Why a to-do list?

It's simple enough to build quickly but complex enough to showcase real native features. The patterns you learn apply to any mobile app, from productivity tools to social networks. By the end, you'll have a working example and the confidence to build your own mobile apps using the same approach.

Build your own app instead

Since Lovable uses tokens or credits when building apps, you might prefer to use similar prompts to build an app of your own choice rather than following this exact to-do app example. The prompts and patterns in this guide work for any mobile app; just adapt them to your project. Feel free to substitute your own app idea and customize the prompts accordingly.

Step 1: Build your to-do app
Let's start by building your to-do list app in Replit. Open a new Replit project and use Replit Agent to create your mobile-first to-do application.


Build a mobile-first web application to-do list. Add authentication for signup and sign in (including Apple, Google and Facebook sign-in) and add a backend that stores the user data along with their to-dos. The to-do app should have functions to add, edit and remove to-dos and each to-do needs to have a title, description, priority (high, med, low) and a deadline (time).
What this prompt does:

Creates a mobile-responsive to-do list interface
Sets up user authentication with multiple sign-in options (email, Apple, Google, Facebook)
Configures a database backend to store user data and to-dos
Implements CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete) for to-dos
Adds to-do properties: title, description, priority levels, and deadlines
After running the prompt:

Replit Agent will generate your complete to-do app with authentication and database setup. You should see:

A login/signup page with social authentication options
A main to-do list view
Forms to add and edit to-dos
To-do items displaying title, description, priority, and deadline
Delete functionality for to-dos
Next: once your app is built and deployed, you're ready to convert it to a native mobile app with our platform.

Step 2: Get your Replit app URL
The first step in your mobile app journey is simple: we need to tell Median.co where to find your web application. This requires your Replit app's public URL, the link that allows anyone on the internet to view your app.

Deploy your app: Make sure your app is running. Replit automatically generates a public URL when your app is active.
Locate the deployment URL: Look for the URL at the top of your Replit interface in the "Webview" panel. It will look like https://your-repl-name.your-username.repl.co.
Copy the URL: Save this URL; you'll paste it into the Median App Studio in the next step to begin the conversion process.
❗️
Important requirements

Your Replit app must be deployed and publicly accessible for Median.co to analyze and convert it. Make sure your Repl is running and the URL loads without requiring authentication.

Quick check: test your URL by opening it in a private/incognito browser window. If you can see your app without logging in, you're ready to proceed.

Note: Replit apps go to sleep when inactive. For production apps, consider upgrading to a paid Replit plan for always-on deployments, or use Replit's deployment options to ensure your app stays accessible.
Step 3: Create your app in Median App Studio

Enter your
URL to try it out


Build Now
Access the Studio: Visit https://median.co/login or click "Sign In" via the navigation bar.
Initialize your project: Click the Create a New App button to start your mobile app project.
Connect your Replit app: Paste the Replit app URL you copied in the previous step. This tells us where to find your web application.
Once you hit enter, our platform springs into action, automatically analyzing your site's structure, detecting mobile compatibility features, and generating a real-time preview across multiple device simulators. You'll instantly see how your Replit app will look and behave on actual iOS and Android devices.

Step 4: Configure basic app settings
You can completely customize your app. In the App Studio, navigate through the sidebar tabs:

App name: Set the name that will appear under your app icon.
Branding: Upload your app icon (what users see on their home screen) and splash screen (what users see when the app opens).
Navigation: Configure native UI elements like a top navigation bar or a tab menu. These complement your web content and make your app feel truly native.
Step 5: Install the Median JavaScript Bridge
To add native mobile features like push notifications and haptic feedback, you'll need the Median JavaScript Bridge. This powerful API connects your web app to native device features.

Why this matters
While your web app will work perfectly fine with our conversion, adding native features creates an experience that rivals apps built specifically for mobile platforms. Think haptic feedback when users tap buttons, access to the device camera for profile photos, or push notifications that keep users engaged.

Adding the JavaScript Bridge

Open your Replit project: Navigate to the project you want to enhance with native features.
Access Replit Agent: Open Replit's AI assistant.
Install the JavaScript Bridge: Use this simple prompt to add the Median JavaScript library to your project:

Please add the Median JavaScript library to this project. I plan to use Median.co to convert this web app into iOS and Android Mobile Apps. Install the median-js-bridge npm package and import it in the appropriate files.
Replit Agent will install the median-js-bridge package and add the necessary imports to your code. You can verify this by checking your package.json file in the file explorer.

Step 6: Configure npm package settings in App Studio
After the AI installs the median-js-bridge package, you must update your settings in the Median App Studio to prevent conflicts.

Why this matters: By default, the Median App Studio automatically injects the JavaScript Bridge into your app. However, since you've now added it as an npm package in your Lovable project, the bridge will be included in your web app's code. Having both would cause conflicts.

What to do:

Log in to the Median App Studio.
Navigate to your app and click Web Overrides.
Navigate to the JavaScript Frameworks and NPM section and select Enable from the dropdown list.
Save your changes.
This tells Median: "Don't inject the JavaScript Bridge — my web app already includes it via NPM."

For detailed configuration instructions, see our NPM Package Documentation.


Median App Studio - JavaScript Frameworks and NPM

Once the AI installs the library, you'll have access to dozens of native mobile features. In the following sections, we'll show you exactly which prompts to use to add specific functionality like push notifications and haptic feedback.

Step 7: Detect mobile app usage
Before adding any native feature, your app must know when it's running inside the native mobile app versus a standard web browser.

Why detection matters
Native features only work inside of your mobile app. If you (or Replit Agent) try to call a native feature like median.camera.takePicture() in a web browser, it will fail and likely crash your app. Detection lets you safely:

Show or hide mobile-only buttons and features
Provide different experiences for web users (like a standard file upload)
Call our native APIs without errors
Prompt Replit Agent to add detection
To get started, open Replit Agent. Use the following prompt, which specifically requests the officially recommended detection method.


I am using Median.co to turn this web app into a native mobile app. Please create a global JavaScript helper variable or function named `isMedianApp`. This helper should check if `navigator.userAgent.indexOf('median') > -1`. I will use this variable to conditionally show mobile-only features.
What Replit Agent will implement
Replit Agent will add detection code that looks similar to this:

JavaScript

// Detect if running in Median mobile app (official method)
const isMedianApp = navigator.userAgent.indexOf('median') > -1;

// You can now use this variable throughout your app
if (isMedianApp) {
  // Show mobile-only features
  // Call Median JavaScript Bridge APIs
  console.log('Running inside a Median native app!');
} else {
  // Show web-only features
  // Use web APIs instead
  console.log('Running in a web browser.');
}
Test your detection

Open your Replit app in your normal desktop web browser. Open the developer console. You should see the message: isMedianApp = false (or your console log "Running in a web browser.").
Build a test version of your app in the Median App Studio.
Open your app in the Median simulator or on your mobile device. Check the remote console. You should see: isMedianApp = true (or "Running inside a Median native app!").
Once detection works, you're ready to add other native features